Instructions on How to Run your Project:
Our program comes preloaded with a teacher, a student, a test course, an example submission, an example answer file, and two test quizzes. The information for logging in with the teacher and student are included in the instructions. When you need to select a course or quiz, it will inform you of the options. Examples for file format are included below the instructions.


1. Run the main method in the session.java class
2. Login or create a user
   1. If you want to login:
      1. Input: 1
      2. If you want to login as a student use these credentials:
         1. Name: Test Teacher
         2. Username: teach1
         3. Password: password
         4. Teacher or Student: 1
      3. If you want to login as a teacher use these credentials: 
         1. Name: Test Student
         2. Username: stud1
         3. Password: password
         4. Teacher or Student: 0
   2. If you want to create a user:
      1. Input: 2
      2. Enter name: Enter your name
      3. Enter username: Enter your username 
      4. Enter password: Enter your password
      5. Enter teacher or student: 0 for teacher or 1 for student
   3. If you want to quit:
      1. Input: 3
3. If you are a teacher continue here:
   1. If you want to create a course:
      1. Input: 1
      2. Enter the name of the course: input a name for the course
   2. If you want to modify a course:
      1. If you want to create a quiz:
         1. Enter the course name: input the course you want to modify
         2. If you want to create quiz manually: Input 1
            1. Enter a name for the quiz: input a name for your quiz
            2. Enter a question type:
               1. Enter MC for Multiple Choice
               2. Enter TF for True False
               3. Enter FIB for fill in the blank
            3. Enter the question: input your question
            4. If a Multiple Choice Question:
               1. Enter Option A: input the option A
               2. Enter Option B: input the option B
               3. Enter Option C: input the option C
               4. Enter Option D: input the option D
            5. Enter the correct answer: Input the correct answer
            6. Would you like to enter another question:
               1. If yes: input Y
                  1. Return to top of modify course
               2. If no: input N
                  1. Return to top of modify course
         3. If you want to import quiz from a file: Input 2
            1. Enter the filename: Enter the name of the file (Example: filename.txt)
               1. Example file is below these instructions
            2. Return to top of modify course
      2. If you want to edit a quiz:
         1. Input: 2
         2. Enter a quiz name: input a quiz name from the list provided
         3. Enter the question number: Input the question number you want to change
         4. Enter a question type:
            1. Enter MC for Multiple Choice
            2. Enter TF for True False
            3. Enter FIB for fill in the blank
         5. Enter the question: input your question
         6. If a Multiple Choice Question:
            1. Enter Option A: input the option A
            2. Enter Option B: input the option B
            3. Enter Option C: input the option C
            4. Enter Option D: input the option D
         7. Enter the correct answer: Input the correct answer
         8. Return to top of modify course
      3. If you want to delete a quiz:
         1. Input: 3
         2. Enter a quiz name: input a quiz name from the list provided
         3. Return to top of modify course
      4. If you want to view/grade: 
         1. Input: 4
         2. Enter a quiz name: input a quiz name from the list provided
         3. Enter the student username: Enter the username of the student you want to view
         4. Would you like to modify the student’s grade:
            1. If yes: Input 1
               1. Enter student’s updated grade:
                  1. Enter a double value for the new grade based on the submission you saw
                  2. Return to top of modify course
            2. If no: input 2
               1. Return to top of modify course
      5. If you want to exit:
         1. Input: 5
         2. Return to top of step 3
4. If you are a student continue here
   1. If you want to select a course: Input 1
      1. Enter the course name: input a course name from the course list
      2. Enter a quiz name: input a quiz name from the list printed
      3. Would you like to start the quiz?
         1. If yes: input 1
            1. For each question:
               1. Do you want to input a file for the answer:
                  1. If yes: Input 1
                     1. Input the filename that contains your answer: input filename (Example: AnswerFile.txt) 
                        1. Example format of file below instructions
                  2. If no: input 0
                     1. Enter your answer below: input your answer
                  3. This continues until the quiz ends
            2. Return to select a course
         2. If no: input 2
            1. Return to select a course
   2. If you want to logout: Input 2
      1. Return to step 2


Files and their formats:
Quiz Input File Format: Example in Repository Filename = “QuizInputExample.txt”
quiz1 //(this is the quiz name)
--Question Start--
MC //(question type)
mcanswer //correct answer
mcquestion // the question
optA // option A
optB // option B
optC // option C
optD // option D
--Question Start--
TF
tfquiz1correctanswer
tfquiz1question
--Question Start--
FIB
fibcorrectanswer
fibquestion
--Quiz End--
--Quiz Start--
quiz2
--Question Start--
TF
tfquiz2correctanswer
tfquiz2question
--Quiz End--




Answer File Format: Example in Repository Filename = “AnswerExample.txt”
A // the correct answer




Submission List File Format: Example in Repository Filename = “SubmissionList.txt”
* This is one file that guarantees that the data persists (DO NOT EDIT)
stud1Example Quiz 1.txt
stud1Midterm1.txt


Course List File Format: Example in Repository Filename = “CourseList.txt”
* This is one file that guarantees that the data persists (DO NOT EDIT)
Example Course
CS18000


User_info.txt File Format: Example in Repository Filename - “User_info.txt”
* This is one file that guarantees that the data persists (DO NOT EDIT)
Test Teacher,teach1,password,true
Test Student,stud1,password,false




